Update docs for Variant builtins (#11296)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/yql/reference/yql-core/builtins/_includes/basic/variant.md

   AsVariant(6, "foo") as VariantValue
```

## Visit, VisitOrDefault {#visit}

> Processes possible values of a variant over structure or tuple using provided handler functions for each field/element of the variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processes the possible values of a variant over a structure or tuple using the provided handler functions for each field/element of the variant.
```

### Signature

```yql

> Visit(Variant<key1: K1, key2: K2, ...>, K1->R AS key1, K2->R AS key2, ...)->R
> Visit(Variant<K1, K2, ...>, K1->R, K2->R, ...)->R
> 
> VisitOrDefault(Variant<K1, K2, ...>, [K1->R, [K2->R, ...]], R)->R
> VisitOrDefault(Variant<key1: K1, key2: K2, ...>, [K1->R AS key1, [K2->R AS key2, ...]], R)->R

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit(Variant<key1: K1, key2: K2, ...>, K1->R AS key1, K2->R AS key2, ...)->R
Visit(Variant<K1, K2, ...>, K1->R, K2->R, ...)->R

VisitOrDefault(Variant<K1, K2, ...>{Flags:AutoMap}, [K1->R, [K2->R, ...]], R)->R
VisitOrDefault(Variant<key1: K1, key2: K2, ...>{Flags:AutoMap}, [K1->R AS key1, [K2->R AS key2, ...]], R)->R
```

```

> ### Arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Arguments
```

> * For a variant over structure: takes this variant as the positional argument, and named arguments (handlers) for each of variant fields.
> * For a variant over tuple: takes this variant and handlers for each variant elements as positional arguments.
> * `VisitOrDefault` takes additional positional argument -- the default value, and allows to omit some of the handlers.
> 
> Also implements auto-map behavior for the first argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For a variant over structure: accepts the variant as the positional argument and named arguments (handlers) corresponding to each field of the variant.
* For a variant over tuple: accepts the variant and handlers for each element of the variant as positional arguments.
* `VisitOrDefault` includes an additional positional argument for the default value, enabling the omission of certain handlers.
```

> ### Пример

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example
```

```yql
$vartype = Variant<num: Int32, flag: Bool, str: String>;
$handle_num = ($x) -> { return 2 * $x; };
$handle_flag = ($x) -> { return If($x, 200, 10); };
$handle_str = ($x) -> { return Unwrap(CAST(LENGTH($x) AS Int32)); };

$visitor = ($var) -> { return Visit($var, $handle_num AS num, $handle_flag AS flag, $handle_str AS str); };
SELECT
    $visitor(Variant(5, "num", $vartype)),                -- 10
    $visitor(Just(Variant(True, "flag", $vartype))),      -- Just(200)
    $visitor(Just(Variant("somestr", "str", $vartype))),  -- Just(7)
    $visitor(Nothing(OptionalType($vartype))),            -- Nothing(Optional<Int32>)
    $visitor(NULL)                                        -- NULL
;
```

## VariantItem {#variantitem}

> Returns the value of a homogeneous variant (such that contains fields/elements of one type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the value of a homogeneous variant (i.e., a variant containing fields/elements of the same type).
```

> ### Сигнатура

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Signature
```

```yql

> VariantItem(Variant<key1: K, key2: K, ...>)->K
> VariantItem(Variant<K, K, ...>)->K

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VariantItem(Variant<key1: K, key2: K, ...>{Flags:AutoMap})->K
VariantItem(Variant<K, K, ...>{Flags:AutoMap})->K
```

```

> Also implements auto-map behavior for the argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Пример

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example
```
